Wei Xin - Update DG and PPP (#205)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

> ### The onboarding guide

Reviewer: minor nit, capitalise the text here since it is the header
```suggestion
### The Onboarding Guide
```

Author: Fixed

> This section describes the implementation of the onboarding guide subsystem.

Reviewer 2: I think its better if you call it a system or component instead of a subsystem.

Author: Fixed

#### Accessing the Onboarding Guide

> The Onboarding Prompt, which leads to the onboarding guide only appears during first program run, which is determined by whether or not has there been any modification to the system. The onboarding guide can also be alternatively accessed through the menu bar.

Reviewer 2: This is factually incorrect.
```suggestion
The onboarding guide is accessible through an onboarding prompt, which only appears if the data currently in application is the sample data that is seeded during the first run. The onboarding prompt leads the user initiates the guided onboarding tutorial. The onboarding guide can also be alternatively accessed through the menu bar.
```

Author: Fixed

#### The `OnboardingWindow` Class

> To mimic the actual environment of Contax, the OnboardingWindow appears as a clone of the MainWindow, but with a different set of components aimed towards providing a comprehensive guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mimic the actual environment of ContaX, the OnboardingWindow appears as a clone of the MainWindow, but with a different set of components aimed towards providing a comprehensive guide.
```

minor nit write the name of the product as it is capitalised

Reviewer 2: Can you also specify what the `components` refer? Are they UI components or logic components?

Reviewer 2: > comprehensive guide

The onboarding guide is not supposed to be comprehensive, but a watered-down quick start guide.

Author: Fixed

The class diagram of the UI components are as follows:

![OnboardingUiClassDiagram](images/OnboardingUiClassDiagram.png)

#### Onboarding models

> The OnboardingStep and OnboardingStory models are implemented to support the onboarding subsystem. Functionally, each OnboardingStep instance represents a step in the onboarding guide by containing a set of instruction for the OnboardingWindow, and the OnboardingStory represents an onboarding guide sequence comprised of a series of OnboardingSteps.

Reviewer 2: The language here is very strange.
```suggestion
The `OnboardingStep` and `OnboardingStory` models are implemented to support the onboarding subsystem. Functionally, each `OnboardingStep` instance represents a step in the onboarding guide, containing a set of instruction for the `OnboardingWindow`. The `OnboardingStory` on the other hand represents an onboarding sequence comprised of a series of OnboardingSteps.
```

Author: Fixed

##### The `OnboardingStep` Class

> The purpose of the OnboardingStep is to soley contain updates for the OnboardingWindow and is therefore implemented with minimal functionalities, providing only getters and setters for initialization and processing.

Reviewer 2: Noted some phrasing issues here.
```suggestion
The purpose of the OnboardingStep is soley to contain updates for the OnboardingWindow and is therefore implemented with minimal functionalities, providing only getters and setters for initialization and processing.
```

Reviewer 2: > updates

What does updates refer to here?

Author: Fixed

##### The `OnboardingStory` Class

> The OnboardingStory serves as a simple container class for the OnboardingStep, providing only basic container class functionalities.

Reviewer 2: Small language fix needed here.
```suggestion
The OnboardingStory serves as a simple container class for `OnboardingStep` objects, providing a basic subset of list functionalities.
```

Author: Fixed

#### The `OnboardingStoryManager` Class

> The purpose of the OnboardingStoryManager is to provide the OnboardingWindow with the necessary logic to interact with the OnboardingStory and OnboardingStep. This is accomplished by keeping track of the onboarding guide's progress and providing the OnboardingWindow with the current OnboardingStep whenever a specified event is detected.

Reviewer 2: You can consider calling it a driver class, I think that conveys your intended meaning.

Author: Fixed

The sequence diagram of a mouse click event interaction is as follows:
![OnboardingStepSequenceDiagram](images/OnboardingStepSequenceDiagram.png)

#### Processing of OnboardingSteps

> Upon the processing of an OnboardingStep, the OnboardingWindow propagates the instruction to the other UI components to update them accordingly. In cases that the OnboardingStep does not contain any instruction for a particular UI components, that component's update function will not be invoked and therefore remain the same.

Reviewer 2: Small language nitpick here, I think it reads better this way.
```suggestion
Upon the processing of an OnboardingStep, the OnboardingWindow propagates the instruction to the other UI components to update them accordingly. In cases that the OnboardingStep does not contain any instruction for a particular UI components, that component's update function will not be invoked and will therefore remain the same.
```

Author: Fixed

A possible sequence of processing is as follows:
![OnboardingUiSequenceDiagram](images/OnboardingUiSequenceDiagram.png)

> #### Directing User's area of focus

Reviewer: this line sounds a bit weird, maybe can be 
```suggestion
#### Directing User's Attention
```

think "area of focus" here sounds a bit odd, but this is up to you.

Reviewer 2: I agree that it is weird, either `Attention` or `Focus` will suffice.

Author: Fixed

> Throughout the onboarding guide, Overlays and Highlights are used to direct the user's area of focus for a better user experience.

Reviewer: likewise here 
```suggestion
Throughout the onboarding guide, Overlays and Highlights are used to direct the user's attention for a better user experience.
```

Author: Fixed

##### Highlighting

> Within the OnboardingWindow, multiple UI objects are implemented with the functionality to be highlighted with a yellow border to attract the user's attention.

Reviewer 2: Is this section necessary? Perhaps you can consider merging this with the previous section?

Author: Fixed
